feat(utapi): Add renameFiles to utapi (#234)
pingdotgg/uploadthing: docs/src/pages/api-reference/server.mdx

 * ]
 */
```

### `renameFiles`

> 

Reviewer: > Added in `v5.3`

> `renameFiles` takes in an `Rename` or an array of `Rename`s and renames the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`renameFiles` takes in a `Rename` or an array of `Rename`s and renames the
```

appropriate files on the server

```ts
import { utapi } from "uploadthing/server";

await utapi.renameFiles({
  fileKey: "2e0fdb64-9957-4262-8e45-f372ba903ac8_image.jpg",
  newName: "myImage.jpg",
});

await utapi.renameFiles([
  {
    fileKey: "2e0fdb64-9957-4262-8e45-f372ba903ac8_image.jpg",
    newName: "myImage.jpg",
  },
  {
    fileKey: "1649353b-04ea-48a2-9db7-31de7f562c8d_image2.jpg",
    newName: "myOtherImage.jpg",
  },
]);
```

#### `Rename` type definition

```ts
type Rename = {
  fileKey: string;
  newName: string;
};
```

| Arguments | Type                 | Required | Description                                |
| :-------- | :------------------- | :------- | :----------------------------------------- |

> | input     | Rename \|\| Rename[] | Yes      | The fileKey or fileKeys you want to delete |

Reviewer 2: The description is copypasta'd here

> | input     | Rename \|\| Rename[] | Yes      | The fileKey or fileKeys you want to delete |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| renames | Rename \|\| Rename[] | Yes | Object specifying what file to rename and the new name |
```
